README.md, before:

# On Base
A cards and dice tabletop baseball game powered by sabermetrics

## Getting Started
Thanks for checking out On Base. Here's how to get started:

Download and print these files:

[On Base 2019 ATL Player Cards](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/2019%20ATL%20Player%20Cards.pdf)\
[On Base 2019 LAD Player Cards](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/2019%20LAD%20Player%20Cards.pdf)\
[On Base Game Engine](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Play%20Chart.pdf)\
[On Base Gameplay and Rules](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Gameplay.pdf)

Each set of player cards comes with 15 position players and 15 pitchers. Also included are quick setup cards for pitchers and hitters. Using these cards will help you quickly set lineups with the players who figured most prominently in each team's season. 

### Dice
On Base utilizes 3 dice for gameplay: 2 d6 and 1 d9. A d9 is a bit unusual so there are a couple of options. One is to roll virtual dice. We suggest using [rolladie.net](https://rolladie.net/#!numbers=1&high=6&length=1&sets=1-1-6%7C1-1-9&last_roll_only=false&totals_only=false&start=false), which allows you to set up the necessary dice configuration. A second option would be to use a deck of playing cards using only A-9 (representing the 1-9 on the d9). Each dice roll would need to be accompanied by a flip of the cards. The d9 controls which fielder makes the play. You could eliminate this die altogether and still play the game. You'll just have less specific outcomes. The d9 is also used in baserunning so that part of the game would need to be eliminated if you choose to remove the d9.

**Tip:** Having different colored d6 dice will allow you to start each at-bat using a 50/50 system. Choose one of them to be the die that determines the batter or pitcher columns in the outcomes chart.

### Scorecard
You can download and use any scorecard for this game. A pen and paper will work, as well.

## Super Basic Gameplay
The most basic way to get started is with 2 d6s and the game enchine chart. Compare the batter's WAR with the pitcher's WAR. The highest WAR value is in control of the at-bat. Roll the dice. Each die value is read on its own with the lowest number coming first. So if one die has a value of 1 and the second has a value of 6 then we read it as 16 (not 7). Go to the 16 row on the game chart and find where it intersects with the pitcher or batter WAR value (whoever is in control of the at-bat). Mark the result on your scorecard. Rinse, repeat.

For more about gameplay, using the player cards, and more, [download the On Base Gameplay and Rules](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Gameplay.pdf) file.

Commit message:

Added dice roller app link

README.md, after:

# On Base
A cards and dice tabletop baseball game powered by sabermetrics

## Getting Started
Thanks for checking out On Base. Here's how to get started:

Download and print these files:

[On Base 2019 ATL Player Cards](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/2019%20ATL%20Player%20Cards.pdf)\
[On Base 2019 LAD Player Cards](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/2019%20LAD%20Player%20Cards.pdf)\
[On Base Game Engine](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Play%20Chart.pdf)\
[On Base Gameplay and Rules](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Gameplay.pdf)

Each set of player cards comes with 15 position players and 15 pitchers. Also included are quick setup cards for pitchers and hitters. Using these cards will help you quickly set lineups with the players who figured most prominently in each team's season. 

### Dice
On Base utilizes 3 dice for gameplay: 2 d6 and 1 d9. A d9 is a bit unusual so there are a couple of options. One is to roll virtual dice. We created a little dice roller application that you can access via the Web on any device. It has all the dice needed to play On Base. Get the dice roller here:

[On Base Dice Roller](https://brianhaferkamp.github.io/onbase/dice/)

### Scorecard
You can download and use any scorecard for this game. A pen and paper will work, as well.

## Super Basic Gameplay
The most basic way to get started is with 2 d6s and the game enchine chart. Compare the batter's WAR with the pitcher's WAR. The highest WAR value is in control of the at-bat. Roll the dice. Each die value is read on its own with the lowest number coming first. So if one die has a value of 1 and the second has a value of 6 then we read it as 16 (not 7). Go to the 16 row on the game chart and find where it intersects with the pitcher or batter WAR value (whoever is in control of the at-bat). Mark the result on your scorecard. Rinse, repeat.

For more about gameplay, using the player cards, and more, [download the On Base Gameplay and Rules](https://github.com/brianhaferkamp/onbase/raw/main/On%20Base%20Gameplay.pdf) file.
